[JS v7] **do not merge** Add React Router v6 instrumentation docs. (#5037)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/react/configuration/integrations/react-router.mdx

</Alert>

We support integrations for React Router 3, 4, 5, and 6.

## React Router v6
_(Available in version 7 and above)_

To use React Router v6 with Sentry:

1. Initialize `Sentry.reactRouterV6Instrumentation` as your routing instrumentation and provide the functions it needs to enable performance tracing:

    - `useEffect` hook from `react`
    - `useLocation` and `useNavigationType` hooks from `react-router-dom`
    - `createRoutesFromChildren` and `matchRoutes` functions from `react-router-dom` or `react-router` packages.
    
2. Wrap [`Routes`](https://reactrouter.com/docs/en/v6/api#routes-and-route) using `Sentry.withSentryReactRouterV6Routing` to create a higher order component, which will enable Sentry to reach your router context, as in the example below:

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from "react-dom";
import {
    Routes,
    BrowserRouter,
    useLocation,
    useNavigationType,
    createRoutesFromChildren,
    matchRoutes,
} from "react-router-dom";
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/react";

> import { BrowserTracing } "@sentry/tracing";

Reviewer: Was testing the documentation and found there is missing `from` statements here

Sentry.init({
    integrations: [
        new BrowserTracing({
            routingInstrumentation: Sentry.reactRouterV6Instrumentation(
                React.useEffect,
                useLocation,
                useNavigationType,
                createRoutesFromChildren,
                matchRoutes,
            ),
        }),
    ],
    tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
});

const SentryRoutes = Sentry.withSentryReactRouterV6Routing(Routes)

ReactDOM.render(
    <BrowserRouter>
        <SentryRoutes>
            <Route path="/" element={<div>Home</div>} />
        </SentryRoutes>
    </BrowserRouter>,
);
```

> Now, Sentry should generate `pageload`/`navigation` transactions with parameterized transaction names (ex. /teams/:teamid/user/:userid), where applicable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, Sentry should generate `pageload`/`navigation` transactions with parameterized transaction names (for example, /teams/:teamid/user/:userid), where applicable.
```
